- Previously on
"The Arrangement"...
- This is your lead actor.
This is your star.
I thought it was more important
to focus on directing,
and let Megan carry the film.
- And you... you honestly
think she can do that?
- Oh, Megan's gonna
blow everybody away.
- I said don't look at me!
- If you stay, we're talking
about a full-blown affair.
- Yeah.
- Please welcome
the incredible Xavier Hughes!
- That's my boyfriend.
- Have you ever acted before?
- I need you,
'cause I'm gonna burn
the whole thing down.
- It's not just stress.
- Are you okay?
- My stomach.
- Something else is going on,
and I think you and I
should work together
until we figure out what it is.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- So describe how that felt.
- It was strange.
It was, uh, strange.
It was also kinda cool.
Exhilarating.
- You didn't feel
self-conscious?
- No.
Not really.
It was a relief.
- A relief?
Explore that.
- Not caring what
other people think.
Working in this industry, it...
puts these standards,
this enormous pressure
on people, on... on women to...
- Megan,
don't externalize blame.
It's an escape from
self-reflection.
Talk about you.
What do you feel?
- Sometimes, I...
Sometimes, I find it difficult
to get out of bed
in the morning.
I just lie there,
waiting to be judged,
picked apart by a world
that doesn't know me,
and... and that's overwhelming.
- Any stomach pains lately?
- No. No, not since...
- You were diagnosed
with extreme stress.
Do you feel
you've conquered that?
- No.
But today helped.
- Okay, let's stop here.
- 'Kay.
There's a table read coming up.
I have to focus.
Our next session's
in a couple of days.
I'll talk to Zach
about the schedule...
- Don't.
I'll talk to Zach.
I'd like to accelerate things.
- Accelerate?
- Yeah, our work together.
You have to stop
bullshitting me.
- T-Terence, I'm... I'm not...
- Yes, you are.
You're deflecting.
There's something else
at the core of your stress,
somewhere you don't wanna go.
But if you want my help
and you wanna get better,
then we have to go there.
And we will.
Time to dig deep.
- Wow. Thank you to everyone
who came out today
for the start of
an amazing adventure called
"Technicolor Highway."
- Whoo!
- I cannot wait to start
shooting this thing
in three days.
It's all I can think about;
it's all I can talk about.
This one knows:
our leading lady
and my soon-to-be wife.
Thank you so much
for putting up with me.
- You're very welcome.
- And a big thank you to DeAnn,
our fearless producer,
who has kept this train
on its tracks.
Not an easy gig, I know.
- So let's dig into
this thing, shall we?
Night,
deserted country road.
- That's not fair. You can't...
- Can't what? Leave?
I don't owe you a damn thing.
- You're in this with me now.
We're in this, and I need you...
- Need?
You don't need anyone.
I don't even know you.
Everything you've told me
is a lie,
so don't try and pretend
you give a shit about me!
Like you need me.
- What do you want me to say?
- Something... real?
Anything.
- I don't know
what real is anymore.
- It was just a table read.
She's gonna be incredible
on the day.
- Yes, she will,
because her director will
get her there if she isn't.
Now, what about
our other problem?
- Xavier?
Three days. I'll work with him.
I'll get him down to earth.
- 'Kay.
- How 'bout we set something up
later today?
- Oh, great.
- Look, we've been over this
a dozen times.
I'm getting sick and tired...
I don't care.
If I have to get someone else
on this case, I will.
Do you understand me?
Well, put more officers on it,
canvass the city.
Do something.
Listen to me, Dave,
this guy put
a goddamn gun to my head,
and when he goes on a rampage,
I'll make sure the press
knows exactly why.
- Hey.
- Shaun, hi.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah, fine.
- Terence?
Hey, how was Megan today?
- I thought she was fine.
She was focused. Uh...
you know, a little cold,
but you'll get her there.
- No, no, I mean
your work with her.
- Oh, come on, Kyle,
you know that's private.
- Fine.
Just don't rattle her.
You know, we're three days out.
I need my lead actor on point.
- You want her
to get better, right?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Focus on prep.
I'll worry about Megan, okay?
- No, sorry.
- What if you asked him to
take you back to the Facility?
Maybe next time...
- I'll never get to see
what you saw, Megan.
They won't let me.
And, besides,
I think I need to tap
the brakes a little with James.
I don't want Terence
to get suspicious.
- Yeah.
Welcome to my life.
And I can't keep faking my way
through these sessions.
Terence is too sharp.
- Maybe not as much
as you think.
- What do you mean?
- I saw him on the phone
just now.
He was pacing, upset.
He seemed distracted,
like, not like himself.
I'm telling you, Megan,
something is going on with him.
- What's the most dangerous
thing you've ever done?
- I hitchhiked from Hoboken
to Virginia Beach.
- What's your greatest fear?
- Maximum security prison.
- Thoughts?
- I'm being glib, defensive.
- I see fear,
someone hiding real pain,
a pain you're still hiding.
- No, that's...
I'm not.
I worked through all that.
We worked through that
together at the Facility.
- Megan...
- I worked through
what I did to my brother.
I learned to cope
with my anger,
my choice to go back.
- Megan, our work at
the Facility isn't a cure,
it's a process,
and it doesn't stop
the second you leave.
Something is...
İs still triggering you,
and it's manifesting itself
in physical pain.
- I told you, the stomach pains
are gone, and I don't...
- I don't believe you.
Do you wanna get better?
Then you have to start
being honest with me.
Let's go back to
your greatest fear.
Maximum security prison,
that was bullshit, wasn't it?
- The question is bullshit.
- Really? How so?
- It's not about the answer.
It... it's about how you act.
It... it's about
how you react when...
Ow.
- Megan, you okay?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
- Okay, just breathe.
Center yourself...
- Let it pass through you.
Megan, the imperatives
are only bullshit
if you want them to be,
but if you're open to
exposing your deepest self,
those answers can be incredibly
potent and revealing.
So tell me again,
what is your greatest fear?
- Can we just take
a break, please?
- Don't think.
Just speak. Say it.
- Your biggest fear,
what is it?
- You.
You...
control every aspect
of my life:
IHM, the contract...
Kyle.
I live in this constant fear
of disappointing you,
letting you down, and...
And watching it all just...
Watching it all go away.
And on top of that,
I have no idea
who you really are.
So when I'm in
the same room as you,
I find it hard to breathe,
let alone open up to you.
Okay...
Let's go confront your fear.
- Fries here are really good.
- Fries? Okay, noted.
So...
how is this all gonna work?
- Work?
- I... I ask you questions,
and you tell me stuff.
- Well, that's up to you.
This is your opportunity
to get to know me,
so ask me anything you want.
- Okay.
What is your greatest fear?
- Snakes.
- Snakes?
Seriously?
- Yeah, snakes.
- What, are you Indiana Jones?
- Maybe.
- No.
You're deflecting.
- And it's not gonna work.
Don't bullshit me.
What is your greatest fear?
- Don't look at me!
- I'm not looking at you!
- I said, don't look at me!
- You okay?
- Yeah.
- So you two ready to order?
- Uh, yeah, I'll have
the burger, no lettuce, please.
- Club sandwich,
side of fries.
- You took my recommendation.
- You seemed pretty confident.
- I love fries.
It was my favorite food
as a little kid,
and there's a tidbit.
- You as a child,
somehow I...
I find that hard to imagine.
It seems impossible.
- I used to eat them
with butter.
- Fries? Ew.
- Eh, my mom agreed with you.
She, uh... she forbade it.
But I'd do it anyway.
Had issues with authority.
Sound familiar?
Somehow, she always knew
when I was sneaky, though.
Always.
She'd find me in the pantry
with my fries and my butter,
and she'd grab me by the ear
and drag me down the hall,
screaming into the kitchen,
and she'd sit me down,
put a stick of butter
in front of me...
- And make you eat it?
The whole stick of butter?
- A couple times.
- I'm sorry.
Is that story supposed to
make me less scared of you?
- And so I ran,
dropped the gun, and moved,
like something possessed me...
someone.
And I knew I'd never be
that person again,
that little kid that
ate peas one at a time...
And so I ran, dropped the...
Shit!
- Xavier, breathe.
It's okay, all right?
Feel it, don't force it.
- I'm trying.
The words, it's... it's like
they're dying in my mouth.
Put the script down.
- What?
- Script, drop it.
Come over here.
- What, we about
to do trust falls?
Ha, ha.
No, here. Take a seat.
All right, buddy,
let's talk about you.
Forget the fact that
you're about to star
in an amazing motion picture,
directed by a one-of-a-kind
true artistic force...
- You're prepping
for a big show:
concert, thousands of people.
How do you get yourself ready?
- I get angry.
- Angry?
- Rage...
it fires me up.
It's the reason why I'm here.
It's the source of
all my ambition,
my music, my art.
If I'm being honest...
- Please, by all means.
- I was bullied...
as a kid.
Group of older kids
used to jump me
on my way home from school.
And I couldn't tell anybody,
'cause then I'd be a pussy,
so I had to...
internalize it...
Push that shit deep down.
And now...
it burns inside me.
Hey, is something wrong?
- Hm?
No. No, uh, but...
your music, it's...
İt's so sensitive.
I've never felt
any of that rage.
- I don't let it out.
I keep it just below
the surface.
- And what if it comes out?
- It won't.
I'm in charge of it,
and it makes me feel confident.
- That's a dangerous game.
I like a little danger.
- All right, pick up
your script; let's go again.
Remember, feel that anger,
don't play it.
You got me?
- Yeah.
- Well?
- That might just be
the most revolting thing
I've ever put in my mouth.
There's a joke there.
- Mm...
resist the urge.
So...
You and your mom...
- Me and my mom?
Go ahead.
- You still talk to her?
- No, not really.
She's dead, so...
- Sorry.
- No, don't be.
Last time I spoke to her
in... in person,
I was 19.
I told her I wanted
to be an actor,
and she...
did not support that.
- Yeah, Kyle told me
that you used to act.
Always blows my mind.
- Why is that?
- I don't know, you're not
the most emotive person
I've ever met.
- Well, maybe that's
why I'm not Kyle West.
- Does that bother you,
not being Kyle West?
- No, it doesn't.
- Oh, come on,
you must be a little jealous.
- Why would you say that?
- Being in the shadows
your whole life,
that can't always be easy.
- No, I... I embrace that.
Guiding people, helping them
fulfill their true potential,
that's my talent.
- But once they reach
that potential,
they get all the glory.
- Well...
it does take confidence
to stand next to
someone like Kyle.
The heat around him can
get a little overwhelming,
but you certainly get that.
- I'm getting married to it...
the heat.
Wedding of the century.
- Yeah.
- It's all been
worth it, though,
existing in Kyle's orbit,
watching his... his journey,
his rise.
It's one of the great joys
of my life.
- You really love him,
don't you?
- Yeah, I do very much.
He's... he's like a son to me.
- All right,
you're not that old.
- You and DeAnn ever thought
about having one?
A child?
- Came up early on.
- And?
- We, uh... we... we both agreed
it didn't really fit for us.
You disapprove?
- Mm.
We all have a choice to make.
We all aren't meant
to be parents.
What about your own dad?
- What about him?
- Were you two close?
- He died also, when I was six.
You seem to be fixated
on my childhood.
Why do you think that is?
- We're talking about you,
remember?
Fine.
I don't know, maybe...
Maybe me pretending
there's a little boy
sitting across from me
makes you less terrifying.
- Okay, whatever helps.
- It does...
'cause you're just a person,
scared as the rest of us.
- Yes, that's true,
but my fear, Megan,
I've worked very hard
to control it,
to harness it.
- Have you, though?
- I have.
- I don't think so.
- Why is that?
- 'Cause you never
answered my question.
- Which?
- Your greatest fear.
- Yes, I did.
- No, you didn't.
And when I pressed you,
I saw it; you got lost.
Like a little boy,
you looked terrified.
What are you afraid of,
Terence?
- We should get the check.
- No, no, no, no, say it.
Let go; be yourself.
- I am being myself.
- No, you're being
who you think I need you to be,
which is very generous,
but stop.
Rest.
Take a rest.
Tell me.
Greatest fear.
- Do I have your word
you won't tell anyone else?
- Of course.
- Not even Kyle?
- No, not even Kyle.
- Last week,
someone tried to kill me.
- What? Terence...
- A man approached me
in a parking lot,
he forced me down
to the ground,
he pressed a gun
against my head,
and he pulled the trigger.
And in that moment,
I thought I was gonna die.
I was sure of it.
- Have the police...
- No, they...
They can't find him.
They probably never will.
And there's nothing...
There's nothing
I can do about it.
And that feeling...
that feeling
of... powerlessness...
It's...
- How your mother
made you feel.
- Every day.
- And he hasn't told
anyone else?
No...
- I think he's embarrassed.
If there's one takeaway
from last night,
it's that Terence does not
like to be vulnerable.
But he was...
to me.
I'm taking him out for drinks
tomorrow night.
He's exposed...
and I need to take advantage.
- Megan...
- What?
- The guy is traumatized.
- Wh... what?
- PTSD. Maybe you shouldn't...
- Wh... the guy?
This is Terence.
- Okay, fine.
No one should go through
something like that.
It's awful.
But this is not a good man.
- Yeah. I know that.
No, I know. It's...
Just be careful.
- I will.
- Xavier, we love your music!
- Sorry. DeAnn's idea.
- Hey, it's cool.
We totally understand.
- Yeah. Anyway...
physical stuff,
daunting, for sure.
The emotional shit, though?
I can't freakin' wait.
- I'm loving this
newfound confidence.
- Well, thank my director
over there.
He's been working with me
around the clock,
helping me dig into
my performance,
turning me into an actor.
- Oh, come on, man,
you were born for this.
We're just bringing it
out of you.
It's been really exciting,
though, you know?
Working these big
emotional scenes
and finding the personal.
It's been super helpful.
You should join us.
- Uh, yeah,
that would be fantastic.
- Oh, I... I don't wanna
break up a good thing.
- What, this whole
sausage-fest going on?
- Wow, where did
that come from?
- Big scene.
Hospital;
Clyde says good-bye
to her sister.
- I'm well aware.
I've been prepping
the hell out of that one.
- You know, maybe you could
draw from the stuff,
uh, with your mother.
- Yeah... Kyle.
That's a good idea.
- So then, suddenly, he's up,
and he's pacing
literally all over the room,
and I look over at Kyle,
and he looks so helpless.
I wanted to laugh,
because it was...
Okay, I guess you really
had to be there.
- I have to go back to Napa.
- I thought you were planning
on staying through the month.
- One of our major buyers
pulled out last night,
so it's a bit of a
all-hands-on-deck situation.
- So when you're done
with all that,
you can fly right back,
though, right?
- It's not like slapping
a Band-Aid on a cut.
I'm needed there.
- I'm sorry.
I guess I'm just...
not ready for you to leave yet.
- Hey...
This has been amazing,
you, me existing in this...
This bubble,
this very fun and sexy bubble.
- Please don't do that.
Please.
Don't diminish this, us.
- I'm not.
Babe, I'm telling you
I have to go.
I've been here for months,
and my...
My business is suffering.
- Or you just got scared.
- Okay...
If you're gonna take this
personally and lash out...
- Mason, of course
it's personal.
This is what you do; this is
what you've always done.
We are closer than
we've been in decades,
so you run.
- I never ran.
You made a choice back then.
- I made a choice?
N... no, you pushed me away.
- You wanted Terence,
this career, this life,
so stop it with
the revisionist history crap.
I have a life.
I built one.
My business, it matters to me.
I wish I could stay,
but I can't.
- Guess I didn't realize
that topic was so off-limits.
- My dead mom?
Yeah, not my favorite topic
for happy hour.
- Okay, point made. I'm sorry.
Can we please drop it?
- It just seemed
a little hostile,
the way you brought it up.
- Well, that's
not what I meant.
- Or, I don't know, like you
were testing me or something.
- We are two days out, Megan.
I just wanna make sure
that you're ready.
- Meaning you don't think
I will be.
- You seem distracted, okay?
Not that I blame you.
We're planning a wedding,
you're about to
star in a movie,
and on top of all that,
you're with Terence
half the time,
trying to explore your psyche.
- Terence?
I collapsed in public, Kyle,
and he's helping me to figure...
- Yeah, I know,
and I'm glad that he is,
but a lot's riding
on your performance.
- You're afraid I'm gonna suck.
That's not what I said.
- You implied it.
I wanted to rehearse
with you weeks ago,
but you didn't think
it was necessary.
- Yeah, that was before
you barely performed
at the table read.
- The table read?
Wh... I was...
- Flat, emotionless.
- I was taking notes,
finding moments.
I didn't think
it was a live show.
- Come on, Megan,
don't be so naive.
You have never carried
a film before, all right?
There's a lot on the line.
- I am well aware
of the stakes,
but thank you so much
for reminding me
over and over again.
Don't you trust me?
- It's kinda hard
when you shut me out.
- Stop putting this on me.
We both know
what this is about.
You're scared.
- Okay.
- You're scared shitless
that you're gonna mess this up.
- Hey, Megan,
I am trying to help you here.
- No, no, you are projecting
your fear onto me.
And I hate to
break this to you,
but I am gonna be ready
in two days, prepared.
I am working on my shit
with Terence,
so why don't you
back the hell off
and go deal with yours?
- Good morning.
- Morning.
You still mad?
- I'm fine. Just, busy day.
Look...
we don't have to do
the whole apology thing.
We both said things last night
that we didn't mean.
Stressful time, right?
- Yeah.
I do trust you.
You know that, right?
- Yeah.
I'll see you later.
Hey, Terence.
Sorry to bother you.
- Not at all. Come in.
- So...
I have some good news
and some bad news.
Which do you want first?
- Oh, come on, you're better
than that question.
- Well... we closed the deal
with Scholastic Associates.
- Good, finally.
- However,
the campus you scouted
for the First Life Initiative,
we've hit a bit of a snag.
A local environmental group
filed a complaint
to block the sale.
It's bullshit,
and we'll fight it.
But these kinds of things can
get trapped in lower courts
for a long time... years.
- We're trying to do
something here,
help children explore,
nurture their better selves.
Why can't people see that?
- I see it.
I spent years...
My entire career up until now,
feeling like what I was doing
had no purpose,
but now, working with you,
I feel like I have this focus.
And I saw what you do
up at the Facility,
how you help people.
And now with First Life,
I just... I know
I believe in this,
what we're doing.
I'm not giving up.
- I might have someone
who can help us.
He's off the books,
not IHM,
but he's someone I...
outsource certain problems to.
- We're not waiting years.
- Hey, cut yourself a break.
If Nasim and I made a movie
together...
İt would not be pretty.
- Why's that?
- Land mines... everywhere.
- Land mines...
No, I can't step
on any land mines.
This movie is too important.
You know what you said earlier
about rage?
I get that.
I really get it.
- Kyle West has rage issues?
Come on.
Wh... what do you have to
be angry about, huh?
- Kyle freakin' West?
Holy shit.
I love you...
You're so badass!
- Thanks, man.
- No doubt, no doubt.
- Dude, can we hang?
- Uh, sorry, we're having
a private conversation,
but thank you for
the kind words.
I appreciate it.
- Oh, come on, come on.
A drink, a selfie,
a little shot.
What's a little
something, something?
- Not today, boys. Sorry.
- Kyle, come on.
Get me in your next film?
Ah, all right,
never mind, never mind.
Let's go.
- What do you say?
One more pitcher?
- Eh, not today.
Big day tomorrow.
- You need to unwind.
You scared me
a little just now.
Mason, it's me.
I'm sorry for how I acted
the other night.
I don't wanna go back
to once a year.
I can't.
I need more.
So I'm gonna clear my weekend,
and I'm gonna come up to Napa,
and we'll figure this out...
okay?
I'm in all night.
Call me back.
- To your recovery.
- To both our recoveries.
How's that going,
your recovery?
- Fine. You don't
have to worry about me.
- Someone has to.
- I can worry about myself.
- That sounds lonely.
- No. It's better that way.
It's easier to...
- Easier to what?
- To protect
the people that need me,
the ones I make sacrifices for.
I've gotta be strong for them.
- Not tonight.
Lourdes, two more.
- You said that
to the director?
On your first film?
- First feature-length.
I did a couple student shorts,
but, you know, pretentious
black-and-white bullshit.
- Man, you have balls.
"We can't move on
until we have it.
Do you think we have it?"
- Ky-le! I mean...
... I mean Kyle.
Mr. West!
- Mr. West-Kyle-West-
Kyle-West-Kyle-West!
Kyle West, you so pretty.
Like, what the hell?
- Oh, Kyle... Kyle, can you
autograph my napkin, please?
Kyle West, sir?
With your dick?
- That's a good one, man.
You are clever!
- Xavier, hey,
it's not worth it.
- What'd you say to me?
- Hey, take it easy, man.
- You heard me.
- Xavier, hey, take it easy.
- No, I didn't hear you, see,
'cause the... the sound quality
in this place is shit.
- Okay, here you go:
You are clever.
Now sit down
in that chair, asshole.
- Oh, I'm the asshole?
You're dead, little pussy.
- Hit me.
- Jesus, Xavier.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What do you think
you're doing, you jackass?
- Xavier, you okay?
- Yeah.
- Let go!
- Come on,
let's get out of here.
You're not a bad dancer.
- Ha-ha, stop lying.
It's regressive.
What you said before
about not wanting to
compromise anyone else,
what did you mean?
- Nothing in particular.
- It didn't feel that way.
- Just certain things
I've done,
choices that I have to
live with.
- That you regret?
- Oh, we all have regret.
You said that yourself
back at the Facility.
- Yes, I did,
and that's why I opened up
about my regrets.
And in doing that,
exploring what I had done,
talking, it freed me.
- Then why are we here?
- Because, you needed to...
- No, no, we're here
because you collapsed
at a public event.
How's that free?
- Okay, but your choices...
- Why are you
so interested in me?
- I'm just trying to help you.
- I thought I was
your greatest fear.
Remind me why that is again.
- Because you...
- Because I'm an enigma, right?
'Cause I control
every aspect of your life.
But I'm starting to think
that's just a projection,
isn't it?
Your fear of me.
I'm just a stand-in.
I'm just a stand-in for
the true enigma in your life:
the person who abandoned you
when you were a baby,
left you and your mother,
because he wanted
nothing to do with you.
- Wait, what are you...
Are you talking
about my father?
That's not why he left.
- No?
- No.
- Then why did he?
You don't know, do you?
You don't know.
My father abandoned me too.
He dropped dead of a heart
attack when he was 40,
and I hated him.
I hated him for leaving me
with that woman
who controlled me,
and that experience,
that hate,
it dictated every choice
I made from that moment on.
It defined me.
It's who I am.
And I think your father
leaving has defined you.
It's who you are,
or at least
who you think you are.
You are a person
that other people leave,
isn't that right?
I need to get some air.
- Your mother abandoned
you too, didn't she?
And after she died,
what's the first thing you did?
- I can't... I can't talk...
I can't...
- You traveled across the world
to confront the step-brother
who abused you,
and then also left you.
And what kind of a person
agrees to a contract marriage?
- Enough!
- A person who needs it,
who feels worthless,
who hates herself.
Megan, you're so angry,
and you've been running away
from that anger
your entire life,
but it's catching up to you,
and if you don't turn around
and confront it
and take control of it,
it will keep eating you up
from the inside.
Trust me...
I know, Megan...
because you and I...
are the same.
You all right?
- Yeah, I'm good.
- Huh?
- Man, I'm good!
- Everybody back up now!
I know, we never should've been
in that bar in the first place.
Enough!
What, that's it?
Where's my lecture?
- Not in the mood.
- Ta-da!
- Oh, my God,
you didn't have to...
- I wanted to.
This is a big deal.
- Thank you.
- Congrats on your first day.
- Uh, could you,
uh, hold these?
Yeah, I'll...
I'll just be a second.
- So how'd it go last night?
What happened? You okay?
- I'm fine. I'm just...
I'm regretting the whole thing.
I... I stayed out really late,
and now I feel off.
And...
- Megan...
Big day.
You ready?
- I am.
- Great.
By the way, our little
problem's been taken care of.
- Okay.
That's a relief.
- What problem?
What is he talking about?
- Nothing important.
I gotta get to work.
- Okay.
- You are gonna be great.
- Thank you.
All right, bye.
- Bye.
- Okay, picture's up!
Final touches.
- You heard her.
- That's 3 1/2. It's good.
- Quiet on the set!
- Hey. 'Kay, um...
Does it look okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- Thanks.
- Where's that mic I want?
- Thank you.
'Kay.
Good.
Thanks.
- You all good? Good.
- Let's put this up.
Here you go.
- Second team, stand by!
- Ready to go, guys!
- Hey.
- Bell up!
And roll sound.
- 87, take one.
A and B calling mark.
- Hey, okay...
Is this... am I in
the right frame? Okay.
- You're great
right there, Megan.
- All right.
And... action!
- I'm here.
It's me, Clyde.
Randi, I know I... I haven't
called in a long time,
and that's on me.
That's something that I'll...
I'll have to carry with me.
I'll always...
I'm sorry, can we roll back?
- Uh, do you wanna cut or...
- No. Back to one.
All right.
And... action!
- I'm here.
It's me, Clyde.
Randi, I know we haven't...
spoken in a long time,
and that's on me.
That's something
I'll always carry with me.
I'll always carry it with me.
I missed...
We missed so many years,
and I wish I could
get that back,
that time.
But we both know that...
That isn't...
We can't.
- And cut!
That was...
amazing.
Now do it again, 27 more times.
- Hey, you set the bar high,
overachiever.
Good job.
- I don't think I can do this.
- Clyde, listen to me,
you don't have to be perfect.
Just talk to her.
- Cut!
- All right, that's a wrap!
First day of "Technicolor
Highway" in the can!
- All right.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you so much.
- You did great.
- I have Adam from the studio.
- Tell him we just wrapped
and I'll get back to him...
- He says it's important.
"The Kill Plan" test numbers
just came in.
- Adam, hey.
- So the news is not good.
- Okay...
- Amazing.
I'm so... be proud...
- That's a good start.
- Thank you.
- Strong first day.
What's this?
- A gift.
He lives in Lompoc,
couple hours north of here.
He's a painter, lives alone.
Twice divorced.
No kids.
No other kids.
Our work together's done,
but now your real work begins.
- I think it's great.
Thank you.
- 'Kay.
- You look quite pleased
with yourself.
I'm starting to wonder
if we didn't sell
ourselves short back then.
What do we do for a living?
We help people, right?
We guide them
to do their best work,
achieve their better selves.
And I just think that...
we would make amazing parents,
and maybe it's time
to reopen that conversation.
Uh, hi. Uh, is Mason there?
Oh, hi, Wes.
I'm a friend of your mom's.
I've been trying to get
a hold of her. Is she...
What?
When?
- Hey.
You did great today.
- Back at ya.
You okay?
- Yeah.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org